How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here: It help to identify where a bug is by showing the
							  differences between two versions side by side.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here: It helps to identify the purposes of each change.
							  A programmer could locate which particular version 
							  very easily if he make reference to the logs. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here: Pros: - Manual saving of a new version could reduce
									  the number of version if done automatically.
									- Each version has a specify purpose
							  Cons: - There exists a risk of losing an important 
									  change if a power failure does occur.
									- The progrmmer may not have the custom of   
									  commiting a change.									
	
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here: If saving version changes to dependent files individually will 
							  create error when run together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here: The git log identify which version introduces bugs,
							  whereas, the git diff identify where the bugs are 
							  by comparing two consecutive verions which cause 
							  the bugs.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here: It is very easy to revert back to a previous versions
							  if version control is used.  There is no risk of 
							  attempting new changes.
								

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here: In my project development and document control.
